Only consider enabling autoHelp/autoVersion in case there is only one argument in `process.argv` (#114)
sindresorhus/meow: readme.md

- Parses arguments
- Converts flags to [camelCase](https://github.com/sindresorhus/camelcase)
- Negates flags when using the `--no-` prefix

> - Outputs version when only the `--version`

Reviewer: This doesn't sound good when read out loud. It's also not correct as you can have other flags together with `--version`, just not other arguments. Should we ensure there are no other flags too? Or is that too limiting? Any downsides doing it?

Author: I imagined a case like this (it's just an example, not the real API):

```bash
# This feature is that we could only type `package-json` under a package,
# it will read package.json file automatically then return the result.

~/Git/npm foo-branch ⇡
❯ package-json --version=next --full-metadata --all-versions

{
	"name": "npm",
	"version": "6.9.0-next.0"
	...
}
```

In this case, we don't have any `cli.input` but have three flags for the command.

I think we should ensure there are no other flags and inputs for the version output. It should not be output even `version` has a value.

Author: There are too many logics to explain for this issue. We could add a new section for document the issue, or document in the `autoVersion` and `autoHelp` section.

Reviewer: > I think we should ensure there are no other flags and inputs for the version output. It should not be output even `version` has a value.

:+1:

> We could add a new section for document the issue

👍

Automatically show the help text when the `--help` flag is present. Useful to set this value to `false` when a CLI manages child CLIs with their own help text.

> This option will only enabled when there is only one argument in `process.argv`.

Reviewer: This needs to be added to https://github.com/sindresorhus/meow/blob/master/index.d.ts too

> This option will only enabled when there is only one argument in `process.argv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is only considered when there is only one argument in `process.argv`.
```

## Tips

### `autoVersion` and `autoHelp`

> The `autoVersion` and `autoHelp` option will only enabled when there is only one argument in argv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `autoVersion` and `autoHelp` option will only enabled when there is only one argument in `process.argv`.
```

Would also be helpful to include why this is the case.

[More useful CLI utilities…](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-nodejs#command-line-utilities)

> 

Reviewer: Don't do unrelated changes.
